adding community spotlight content to hiring and getting hired guide (#923)
writethedocs/www: docs/hiring-guide/community-spotlight/interview-liz-harris.rst

    who I knew were no smarter than or no more hardworking than me, and they had these jobs that were better 
    paid than a teacher's job, but also interesting and appealing. The only reason I had heard of the 
    profession of a technical writer was from a stepmother who was in the family for a while. She was a 
    technical writer. She actually was a poet and an English teacher, and then she became a technical 
    writer in the eighties. So I think it was 1998. I had tried to stay in teaching, but I didn't have a 
    teaching credential. The reason I was looking for a teaching job is I really like teaching. But my 
    particular school where I was working was a dysfunctional mess. So after three years in a row of not 
    finding a different teaching job, I thought forget it. I'm just going to do something else. And so I 
    took a huge career leap. No, it's not that much of a career leap when you're 27 and don't have a mortgage 
    and don't have children. There wasn't that much at stake. But my husband was in graduate school, so my 
    teaching job was paying the rent. It was a bit of a leap in that way. So I put out an application or two 
    and got a job.

> Liz's first job as a tech writer involved creating documentation for startup called Prototype that 

Reviewer: We should probably **bold** the questions, or add some highlighting here, to show the difference between a question you asked and a summary.

produced software for managing fleets of vehicles, like taxis or limousines. Afterwards she spent 8 
years as an editor and writer for Wind River, a company that produced microprocessors. Afterwards she 
moved on to Aspera where she works now.

Experience as a technical writer
----------------------------------------------------

How did you differentiate yourself during your initial job search?

    I had to have a portfolio of sorts, and this is long enough ago that it was still pretty usual for 
    people to show up to an interview with paper examples of their portfolio. So I thought about what I 
    could show. I chose a couple of things that I had produced as a teacher, like a handout that explains 
    some grammatical or punctuation concepts, or it might have been an exam or a grading rubric. They were 
    artifacts from my teaching life. But they did show that I could write cogent copy, that I had careful a 
    touch of detail. But but I think that I really had it in my favor that it was 1998. The job market was 
    crazy.

Liz stayed at her first technical writing job for around two years and then moved on to Wind River, a 

> company that specialized in embedded systems.

Reviewer: I don't quite follow this. Is it a summary, then continues on with what she said?

Author: Yeah, more or less.  I cut the portion of the interview that talked about her first job, and this is my attempt at bridging between them. Do you think I should format the text differently, or maybe move it?

    way. She wasn't listening for anything specific. This is not her field, but filtering like some sort of 
    shellfish in seawater. Like, there's an awful lot of seawater and not very much nutrient. But eventually 
    you get some nutrients, and you hear some stuff. But more than that, talking to the people about what 
    their job is like is valuable. So I think there's a lot of value in going to meetups and going to 
    conferences. Maybe it's because I like the personal element better. I like going to in person gatherings, 
    and I'm not particularly extroverted, but I like going to the in person gatherings better and talking to 
    people one on one, mostly just listening to what they're working on and interested in, And if I were 
    starting in the field, of course, get familiar with a programming language. I took that class in C and 
    took a class in Python, which I haven't used since. But I think if I were considering technical writing 
    as a possible career having not decided that this is for me. I think just talking to people is a really 
    good path.

> Liz goes by lizharris on the Write the Docs Slack group. You can find her in the #careeradvice channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liz goes by ``lizharris`` on the Write the Docs Slack group. You can find her in the ``#career-advice`` channel.
```
